Path decorators: allow empty docstrings to support embedded Python (#2979)
python-trio/trio: newsfragments/2987.issue.rst

> Fix crash when importing trio in python windows embedded, and other installs that removes docstrings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix crash when importing trio in embedded Python on Windows, and other installs that remove docstrings.
```

Grammar nitpick

Reviewer 2: I would have seconded this

Reviewer 3: (I merged the suggestion in b519645)
